## Link to the drawing and explanation of the process

https://imgur.com/eu69ccD

This setup provides a secure and scalable web infrastructure, with firewalls positioned 
before each server to protect them from potential threats and monitoring clients to 
ensure the health and performance of the servers. Now Let's have a detailed process 
from user request to response from the servers.

- User's Computer: The user's computer sends a request to access the website or 
application.

- Load Balancer (HAProxy): The request is first received by the load balancer, which 
distributes the traffic across multiple servers for load balancing and high 
availability.

- Firewall 1 (Before Nginx): Before reaching the Nginx web server, the traffic passes 
through Firewall 1, which filters and monitors incoming requests to ensure they are 
safe.

- Nginx Web Server: Nginx serves as the web server, handling HTTP requests from users. 
It can also act as a reverse proxy, forwarding requests to the application server.

- Firewall 2 (Before Application Server): The dynamic requests forwarded by Nginx to 
the application server pass through Firewall 2, which provides an additional layer of 
security.

- Application Server: The application server hosts your application code base and 
processes dynamic requests, executing business logic, and interacting with the database.

- Firewall 3 (Before MySQL Database): Any requests from the application server to the 
MySQL database are filtered and monitored by Firewall 3 to protect the database.

- MySQL Database: MySQL is used to store and manage data for the application. It stores 
information such as user data, product listings, and other data necessary for the 
application to function.
## For HTTPS Support.
- SSL Certificate: The SSL certificate is used to secure the connection between the 
user's computer and the web server, ensuring that data transmitted over the network is 
encrypted and secure.

- Monitoring Clients: The monitoring clients (data collectors) collect monitoring data 
from the servers and send it to monitoring services like Sumo Logic for analysis and 
reporting.





